Well, good evening family. Thank you for
joining us again tonight. We're going to
go over some of the news today and what
happened in the last two days—all the
things that are happening in the news.
President Trump has been very
busy. We
have a lot to pray about, and I'm
annoyed about the Clarity
Act and things that Braden was telling
me. Our senators are a
blessing, especially the
Democratic ones. Will you fix that
fan for me, buddy?
No, just turn it up because it's
blowing in my face.
I bumped it; it was my fault.
Angle it up
so it just circulates above me, because
I don't like it blowing straight in my
face.
Braden said, 'Did you know
that we have to have seven Democrats
flip and vote with us for the Clarity Act?'I
didn't know
we had to have that many. We
have to have seven for that.
I was saying, well, hopefully Fetterman, who is
in
Pennsylvania, will vote Republican,
but that means all Republicans have to
vote this way.
We have to have six more Democrats, and
three of them are throwing a fit because
President Trump made $2 billion
in 2025 and it came out. They
want to put an amendment
to the bill,
from what I understand, that his kids
can't make any money off of the Clarity
Act.
They were upset
he made $2 billion.
I'm not going to be negative; I'm
going to say, 'Wow.'It's
just annoying to me. What do
his kids have to do
with it? I just try
to stay neutral on this and
pray because I know what the Lord has
told me—that we must pray for
the
Clarity Act to pass.
Politics are politics.
Japan
passed their
own Clarity Act
today.
It's going to
take a fuller effect in 2027.
The Lord said, 'Watch the Sooners,'which
was Japan, South Korea, and
the Asian nations.
He said they would be first before
America, and just like the Lord said, it's
happening.
Japan has their stuff together. They
know what's coming and
want to be ahead of it.
The Sooners were the
ones that took the land before the land
run in Oklahoma. I saw the boomer
schooner wagon going across the land.
The Lord said Japan and the
Sooners will be first—I mean
South Korea.
Asia is going all in on crypto.
President Trump warned that other
nations could outpace the US on crypto
regulation. South Korea has now
recognized crypto as a national asset
and plans to tokenize state-owned real
estate.
Meanwhile, Japan is paving the way for
crypto ETFs and lower taxes.
So, they're trying to be the Sooners,
just like the Lord said. Isn't Jesus
wonderful that he would tell us
they would do that first?
He's trying to give us some
encouragement when we have senators that
are dumb.
Japan officially
passes laws recognizing crypto as a
financial asset.
Just like the Lord said.
Isn't that interesting? I
think it's interesting whenever you hear
a word over a year ago
and the Lord brings it to pass.
Braden
translated
the
report from
the Committee
on Financial Affairs. This bill
aims to respond to changes in our
country's financial and capital markets,
expand the supply of growth capital, and
ensure market fairness, transparency,
and investor protection by bringing
crypto asset transactions under the
regulation of financial instrument
transactions. It seeks to
establish a public disclosure system for
information related to crypto assets,
develop systems for the disclosure of
specific non-financial information and
audit certification,
and review
regulations on unfair trading.
I think it's cool.
I wonder if that's what his
voice really sounds like.
It sounds very similar;
it has that
softness.
After the Lord spoke to us
about the Sooners, which
would be South Korea and Japan, we saw
Taiwan jump on this.
The Lord warned us about
the Asians. He said that the Asians
will ride the wave first and then
America will ride it after, but they
will be ahead in the finances of
investing first. There
will be
a lot of crypto-billionaire Asians in my
opinion.
On July 11th, the Lord
gave us a word about a pipeline
coming out of the Kurds.
He said there will
be oil deals in the days ahead for
Iraq. I saw Iraq come up out of
nothing—Rolls-Royces,
beautiful
homes, and palm trees.
The Lord said,
'Corruption, corruption, corruption,'as
you'll hear. But I thought it
was interesting that the Lord warned us
what was coming on July 11th.
In the prayer,
I see the pink currency again. I
see Iraq and
Babylon rising. I
see a new era
for Iraq around the
oil.
I
see a rising of Iraq
as Iran crumbles
and the Prince of Persia
is losing its
grip.
Iran is losing its grip upon Iraq.
I see three faces in
Iraq. One has a
black mustache;
he's heavier set with a five o'clock shadow. He looked like
Saddam
in his younger years.
Iraq will rise in the days ahead over
the oil and a pipeline
with the Kurds.
When Iran is dealt with, it's Kuwait. I
see Iran in a stone age in some areas,
trying to get
other nations around there to step in
and help. Trying to get Turkey and Syria to help.
It's the
art of the deal with the oil concerning
the Strait and
reestablishing a safer area
for all of us, a denuclearization of
Iran. It's an art of the deal. Saudi Arabia—it's
alliances.
And now we've got news coming in.
Congressman, the US, Syria, and Iraq
are reportedly going to revive that
historic 500-mile pipeline to Syria's
Mediterranean coast, an oil pipeline to
bypass the Hormuz Strait. There are
multiple pipelines ramping up to
circumvent Iran. What do you make of
this? We know that's a percentage of
the overall delivery of oil through the
Strait, but it's ramping up now. Iraq
has tremendous potential because of
their oil.
We're
going to be doing a lot of deals. We're
going to create a lot of jobs for both
countries and take
out a lot of oil. A lot of oil is coming
out, and American companies are
doing it—mostly American companies now.
They don't want to do business with
others. I say they will set Iran back
even further into the Stone Age, for an
attack against their infrastructure is
coming, and it will be against their
electric grid. I see an attack
setting them back
to the Stone Age—not all of it, but some of
it dead. Many
are
contemplating ground invasions
with troops on the ground, using
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
They're debating
boots on the ground to go and finish
this off—battalions and
arming the civilians—though not swaying
so much that way. I see them
trying to cut the cord to the internet, the
underwater cables concerning Iran.
I hear them
threatening to cut underwater cables in
Iran. It's about the
internet. They don't have the stuff to
do it; it's a lot of threats. They don't
have the stuff to do
it; it's too deep.
You know the
word kamikaze? It's to the point
of that desperation;
they're
hitting a desperation point.
This is a very scary point.
I see them doing something
desperate to try to—it's about
bringing forth a Mahdi. "We must do this,"they say.
I see them trying to strike.
They have Israel in their sights. Do you
know when you look through some glasses?
I see it like one of
those little things that has a
spin wheel on it—the
little thing you put on your
face as a kid. They're looking in the
sights toward Israel,
but they're looking
towards Syria.
Concerning Israel, they
have a weapon. I told you, I saw it in
there: that black rocket.
They have one weapon; it's not been
tested. It's underneath
that mountain. I see a weapon
underneath their mountain; it's hidden.
I see their leader;
they're done. The man that's
leading now is going to be done. His
days are numbered. After
another air strike,
he's done.
Another regime change
is coming. They don't want civil war in
the country
like in
Afghanistan.
An unstable Iran is
dangerous because of what they have
underneath that mountain.
An unstable Iran is
dangerous. They need a
good government because some of
these people that are in leadership still
right now are crazy—a
proxy government. I pray over any troops
on a ground invasion. I pray over our
troops and our people. It's not
so much us; it's to assist the others around
it. "Will you get involved with
this?"It's
not our fault; it's not our problem.
It's like, "We need you, Saudi
Arabia and some of these other nations."It's
the art of the deal
with Turkey and other
nations. "Will you help us with
this?"I
don't know if this is what's being
discussed, but I
hear this: "Will you help us with this?"Because
NATO and these others are
in La La
Land.
But I'm seeing them trying to bring up
Jordan and these other nations
to bring a stable Iran. An
unstable Iran is dangerous to the
region. They're even trying to talk to Pakistan, but
Pakistan doesn't want to be involved with freedom fighters—for
the kamikazes,
the people
in their own land.
That's interesting. Good job.
He cut out all the tongues so it just
flowed without having to pray. I pray it,
and then I see it, and he just cut it
all out. That's why it kept
editing, because
he's cutting out tongues.
Yeah,
I like that. Sometimes it makes
sense that way; it flowed, then it
didn't. I was like, "Okay, interesting."But
what I saw
in that vision the Lord showed me
is that Iraq is about to develop a major
pipeline with America and the Kurds.
And
what he cut out was Article 140. I saw
distribution of wealth to the
Iraqi citizens with a revising of a
currency. The Lord
reminded me of it again. He
said, "Remember the pink paper. Remember
the angel that came to me."I'm
not
going to go
all into that
direction
tonight, but
the angel warned me about the
rug being pulled. The
Lord said, "Don't be greedy with what
you're about to receive.
Be
thankful and invest what I'll give you."But
a lot of people will walk
away disappointed.
I heard the Lord say a lot of
people will walk away disappointed with
what they thought. They had a big
vision, but it didn't produce as much as they
wanted. "Pay your taxes,"the
Lord said specifically. There will
be people who are dumb
and think they don't have to pay
their taxes. The Lord said, "Give Caesar
what's Caesar's."Give
to the government. He said,
"They're coming for you. Don't be
dumb with your taxes."I
thought that was interesting.
Why would he have to say
that? But obviously, there are people that
are not very smart.
I don't mean that to be rude,
but
the Lord said it and it was very clear
that people would try to skip out.
"Well, Jesus is coming, why do I have to
pay my taxes?"I
don't get it, but that's
what the Lord said and he told me to say
that. He said, "Be thankful for what
you get and invest the rest."I
don't know what it will come out at, but
he said people would be disappointed
because they hear
so many gurus and think it's
something huge. I saw
corruption, but the Lord said he would
use it for a wealth transfer.
So, we'll see what happens. Do
you have any more videos of President
Trump talking?
I didn't know if you wanted
any of those.
Well, yeah, because I think it's kind of
interesting, because it happened—what is it, the 11th?
It happened
four days
later. They're all having a meeting and
I said, 'Look at that. It's happening.
The words are being sped up.
Crypto and all that.'And then the
Lord said,
'Look, we're going to...'and
President Trump said, 'We like this guy.'And
he has the five o'clock shadow
and the mustache. He looked like Saddam,
the old Saddam.
The Lord said, 'There are three
men that are corrupt in that bank, in the Central
Bank of Iraq.'But He said
they're going to
be forced. Their hands
are going to be forced. This is him
right here. This is the man I saw.
This oil partnership, all of a sudden
being formed over the last short period
of time—and I guess you're going to be
announcing them this week or next week—but
massive, among the largest.
They have done a fantastic job
over the last very short
period of time, but they have a great
leader. The new prime minister is a
great leader. I think he's going to be
there for a long period of time, and it's
great to have you at the White House.
Thank you very much.
And he's a young man. He's young and
he's handsome, which I don't like. I'm
not happy about it.
So, we don't have to watch it all. I
mean, I don't understand the thing he's
saying. I guess she's talking to him and
what he
speaks, I guess, right? But hey,
let's see what happens with this. It's
something to pray about. You know, I
never do investment advice, but
I think it's interesting to
pray over certain things and to see this
oil pipeline come up. What happens
with it? I don't know. But
sometimes I wish I could be more bold
about that side of it. But I've got
people that are very immature. I'm not a
financial adviser. I don't give
financial advice, but sometimes I wish I
could just talk and be me and
talk about things because I see a
lot, but I can't because I've
got a lot of people that are just
completely... you know what? All right,
go ahead.
This is—you have Cuba and you have Iran.
Okay, show Cuba.
I want to show what's going on
with the Cuba thing. This is interesting
because the Lord showed us in the Bay of
Pigs drones coming from Iran. And I saw
drones that had a secret mathematical
code, a new kind of drone
that was about to be used that had
a force field around it. It would be
used in New Orleans and some of these
other areas where they would try to use
it with a payload, but they were
programmed to go into stadiums, like
New York Yankee Stadium, those kinds
of big stadiums with an open dome.
It was a
simultaneous attack that
would go together.
Cuba and Iran, as the enemy within, would
be triggered, with Cuba at the same time
being friends to attack
America.
Now, I want you to see what President
Trump says because we've been praying
about these drones. And the drones
didn't even exist then; nobody was even
talking about it. I said, 'This
is what I see in the spirit. I see
drones from Iran to Cuba, and I can
tell you where they were delivered—at
the Bay of
Pigs.'There
are reports about Iranian drones
in Cuba. There are concerns about that.
Where does the relationship with the U.S.
stand there? Is military intervention
still on the table?
'Well, if they do have that—and they
might very well have that—we'll take
care of it. Marco's just in the other
room. And if they do have that, we'll
take care of it in short order.
We're not going to have a problem. We're
not going to allow that to happen. So,
it could be that they're storing some.
We're looking into it now. It could be
so, and it maybe isn't,
but we'll figure it out fast.'There
are reports about them;
they have them. I'm telling you, I saw
them. I knew when they were delivered.
How did they not get them
before they got delivered, though?
That's what I'm thinking. Maybe it was
during Biden's administration.
It
had to have been when Biden was there
and they've had them the whole time. You
know, we see in part here, but
I'm just going to blame Biden.
Senior Pentagon officials are examining
military options for Cuba, including a
101st
Airborne assault involving thousands of
U.S. troops.
This is what I thought was interesting.
I saw that it would happen in the middle
of the night with stealth helicopters,
stealth black intruders. That's all
this stuff, right? And the Lord said,
'Then you'll see it on a night
whenever the grid goes down.'Pray
that night for the troops. I
saw a building and the Lord
said who they're communicating to. One
of the leaks is a mole, and he's not
a good mole. One of the communications
was leaking the information to the man
with the gray hair, and he
was playing like he was a friend of the
United States of America, but he wasn't
in the vision. And I saw the man with
the slicked-back hair was in a
building, and he was trying to get
away. He was making satanic
things with voodoo and other things,
drinking chicken blood. It was
nasty, what I was watching this man do in
the spirit. I could see him,
and he would transform into a dog.
He was making himself like a shapeshifter, and
he was turning
himself into a dog.
Why be a dog? I mean, dogs are low.
But I guess you think you're spiritually
high if you can turn yourself from a man
to a dog. I
saw that, and then
he got in a
boat, not a plane. He
left and he went to Haiti,
and he went from Haiti in a jet to
Mexico, and Claudia harbored him.
Claudia helped him, and he had
pallets of $100 bills and gold. This guy
right here, he was hiding. But he had a
stunt double—he
had somebody that looked
just like him—and the United States thinks
they got him, but they didn't get
him. That was the real man; he got away.
The one that was the fake, they got, and
he was dead. I saw him burning, and
he got in a boat and got away
underneath the ground, underground.
There is an old military
silo in the ground,
and he got away. This guy did, but his
stunt double died,
and the United States didn't know it at
the time.
That's what I saw. And he went to
Haiti, Dominican Republic.
Yeah,
so it's 400 miles. All right, go
ahead, Nick.
And then this is
the
$200 barrel thing.
The Lord warned us about the strait that
they would try to call for $200 a barrel
of oil because of the
Iranians in the days ahead.
They're all talking about the
price of oil going to $200 a
barrel.
I pray that doesn't happen.
Next?
I want you
to talk about his son,
Don Jr. Now,
we have prayed over Don Jr.'s safety
countless times, to the point where I
feel like I pray for him
just as much
as I do for President Trump. But
the Lord said there would be a specific
attack against his life. And then we
have people that are copycatting. I'm
telling you, this is just a false flag.
This right here, what we're hearing
about right now—I'm not
knocking it like it's nothing—but
this is a copycat. This guy's a loser.
This right here, what we're hearing
about him having threats against him
up in New York and all that online—'I'm
going to do all this to hurt you,'Blink
and all that—this guy is
a distraction.
I'm talking about trained
assassins; those are the ones you should be
praying about. This guy is a bozo
online; he's just some troll.
But I
think it's interesting because people
say, 'Brandon, this is what you saw.'No,
you need to pay attention:
this is a distraction.
What I saw was much worse. This is not
what I saw, so it's not that a prayer succeeded;
it might be that a
part of it has won. Well, yeah, we won.
No, do not let your guard
down. Do not take that as a win. It's a
win, but it's not the touchdown. You
may have kicked a field goal, but it's
not the touchdown. The touchdown is a
country, an act of war, a retaliation
for Qasem Soleimani.
The Lord said it was about Qasem
Soleimani,
not some bozo on the internet. This
was an act of war. These
people were trained assassins. I said
they came from Canada by Michigan.
They got
here through Canada and did not come
through the southern
border. These men came through Canada.
They were all black. I saw it the night
they did. As I was
praying about it, I saw in the spirit
and the Lord said, 'These men are
trained. They're like Navy SEALs.
They went up by Michigan.
They're still here.'I have
told you I saw them in
apartment complexes. I've seen the
plans and the blueprints on walls as
they were casing
and looking for the perfect opportunity.
They were patient. This was not
something where they
were in a hurry. They were funded well
with crypto and money. They
weren't in hurry. And
the Lord said this operation is tens of
millions of dollars.
These guys looked
like special ops. They had
black hats on and moved
at night through Canada into
Michigan. We keep praying
over this. This right here is just some
bozo on the internet. I thank God
they caught a bozo on the internet, but
do not take your guard down and say,
'Well, we won, Brandon. We ain't praying
over Don Jr. anymore.'No, we must pray
over Don Jr. We have to pray over
Ivanka, Kai,
and Tiffany. I don't ever hear
anything in the spirit about Tiffany, but we
still pray for her, Barron, and
Eric, but the main one was the oldest.
The Lord said it is an eye for
an eye. They're coming;
they want to come after his
kids.
You must continue to intercede for Don
Jr. We're going to do that
again tonight. This guy is just
some bozo on the
internet. He said
he
was going to take day one,
day two, day three and do all
this.
Remember, he said he's going to take out
their power plants?
Yes. This is what the Lord said. He said
Trump will take them
back to the Stone Age. It will not
just be something they can
recover from overnight; they will
provoke him to the point of a Stone Age.
I saw the principality over
Persia taking back his hands. He was
holding on to Iraq and he will release
his grip over Iraq as he grabs a hold on
that mountain with the
weapon in it. I said they
have a black rocket
they've never tested, but
the Lord said it will work.
It's the same strength as
Hiroshima.
I want you to hear what
President Trump said because the Lord
told us they're about to go kamikaze. He
said,
'Locations inside—I'll
save the energy targets for last,
but ultimately we'll hit energy targets
very hard tonight and
tomorrow night.
Next week it gets really
bad for them because next week comes the
power plants and the
bridges. We're going to knock out all
their power plants and
bridges unless they get to
the table and
negotiate.'The
Lord said they don't remember everything
he was warning about. He
warned us that they didn't care.
I saw freedom fighters rising up
in their own nation,
civilians wanting to arm
themselves against this
crazy regime. But I saw a flipping of a
regime one more time. Pray for
Reza Pahlavi.
I saw Reza trying to rise up for
a season
to lead the Iranian people, and then I
saw they assassinate him. It's
the same thing praying over the president of
Colombia. Next
month he takes office. I saw the cartel
coming against him very hard,
even taking out his friends. The Lord
said you have to pray
protection over him. The same for
a young guy in Brazil who has a
heart like David.
Eventually, Claudia Sheinbaum will be
removed and an Antonio Banderas-looking man
will rise up in Mexico if the
people pray.
He'll look like Antonio
Banderas.
President Trump will make a speech to
the nation on Thursday evening at 9:00
p.m. Eastern.
We've
got to get the Save
America Act and the
Clarity Act passed. We have RINOs in the way
and we need them all voted
out.
They said you're going to meet
with him Thursday afternoon to talk
about crypto. So we'll see what
happens.
God help us.
Now, this is interesting because
they're picking up on the churches
burning, and
people are getting mad.
The FDNY announced this blaze that
consumed the South Bushwick Reformed
Church is being investigated as arson.
Church pastor James E. Stewart says
the congregation met
weekly. The church
also acted as an event space and a food
pantry. He has no clue who would
do something like this.
Now we understand that it is
intentional.
The National Registered Landmark was
built in 1863 and has stood tall on
Bushwick Avenue ever since.
But that
beacon became a target in late June, and
the community is left
heartbroken. One resident said,
'It's incredibly upsetting because it's
a historical landmark and it
means a lot to people.'While the goal is
to rebuild,
the
pastor
says
the church will need
to be torn down completely
by August
of this year. They would love to rebuild,
but that process could
take a long time and it's not
guaranteed.
The Lord said they would start to burn
the churches all over the nation, including Canada. He said
you'll see a
giant being poked in the days ahead for
all the old churches.
We'll
listen
to
a word from New York City's mayor Zohran Mamdani
after a string of attacks on
multiple churches.
Silence is deafening from a socialist
who never seems to hesitate to lecture
New Yorkers about justice and
intolerance. A man is federally charged
with allegedly firebombing two houses of
worship in Queens. And investigators
have not ruled out arson in the fire
that destroyed a 170-year-old Brooklyn
church. That is such a heartbreak.
They're still examining the evidence of
possible foul play. But when churches
are attacked or burned, City Hall should
never go quiet. Condemning hate
shouldn't be a question of politics. But
this is what happens when progressive
politics treat faith as an afterthought
and religious institutions as something
less worthy of public concern. Here to
weigh in is Bruce Blakeman, Nassau
County
Executive.
But it's not a big surprise. This is a
guy who skipped the installation of a
new archbishop of the Catholic Church in
New York City. This is a guy who canceled
a breakfast for the Puerto
Rican Day Parade. This is a guy who
wouldn't march in the Israel Day Parade.
This is a guy who left Little Italy—both
Little Italies—in New York City
off his tourist map, but he put Little
Palestine in there. I don't know any New
Yorkers who know anything about where
Little Palestine is. So he has
demonstrated that he has an antipathy for
Jews and Christians in the city, one of
the largest constituents in the city of
New York. And it's very troubling. His
speech on July 4th was totally
anti-American. It was as if America was
an evil place. It was very dark. It was
very disturbing. And basically, he
should be blessed to be the mayor of the
City of New York in the greatest country
in the world. So I'm not
surprised, but it is very troubling.
It's very troubling. And it's troubling
that we have people that would vote for
that and think it's okay.
But you know what? It comes back to
repentance. It comes back to holiness
being preached in the pulpits. It comes
back to preaching revival. And New York
City needs a revival. New York City
needs an awakening unto God.
It's a cultural decay. It's
the culture. What happens to the
culture? It's because the preachers
aren't preaching truth, righteousness,
and holiness. Back in the church and up
there, it's a lukewarm gospel.
Obviously, something's going on because
whenever you see it in
Oklahoma, we preach holy. We preach fire
up in here, and even in places in
Florida, you don't see all the craziness
going on. You're going to see Byron win.
And we're going to pray for Mike Lindell
to win. And we're going to pray for
these people because we want
to change things. And the only way
you're going to change things is by
first, 'if my people who are called by
my name will humble themselves and pray
and turn from their wicked ways.'That's
the first step. Then he'll heal our
land. But it's not going to be on
politicians to change the land until
people start coming back to God
on their knees and
saying, 'Jesus, we repent for our wicked
ways. We can't do this without you.
We can't hold Trump—it's
Trump's fault, it's this fault,
it's that.'No, it's the preachers. We've
got to preach. And as the
culture of America goes back to God,
you're going to see them voting
righteously.
But because they're not hearing
it, that's why we're
seeing all this drama. Churches are
burning. We're going to see
a giant being poked, called the church.
When they realize the freedoms that we
take for granted, you're going to lose
if you don't start to rise up with a
backbone like a crowbar and start
preaching the truth. Your First
Amendment rights, the first one to go,
the Lord said, especially when it comes
to social media.
Then they're going to come after the
Second Amendment.
And I saw these things happening over
into 2030. But I'm telling you, I saw a
great revival as pressure comes upon the
church. I saw an olive press pushing down
on the olives, and it was
pressing fresh olive oil coming off
of the preachers'mouths, but it was
preaching holy. I'm telling you all,
that's why without repentance, there is
no true revival.
And I'm telling you, Jesus Christ is
coming. He's coming back for a church
without spot, without wrinkle, without
blemish. He's coming back for a
bride that's on fire for him, that is
looking for him, that has their
lamps full of oil.
When Billy Burke gave me that scripture,
he said, 'This is Revelation.'Do you
remember where he said it was
located, son?
Yes, I believe so.
It's fine, we can keep going on. I don't
want you to preach; we're already
getting too late. Because
he said when the bride was
already in a state of
readiness, she was pursuing him.
She wasn't trying to set up
her camp here on Earth. She was in hot
pursuit of the Father.
She was sold out. She wasn't lukewarm.
She made herself ready.
And that's where we need to be right
now, making ourselves ready for our
King. Jesus is coming, but he's not
looking for somebody who's in bed with
the world.
All right, so let's go ahead and
move on to the next one.
You can stop.
No, I know. But I wanted to show
that other thing
there. There was something else
important. So we prayed over Don Jr. We
showed about Don Jr. praying over that.
Mike Lindell—he supported Mike
Lindell.
You saw that? Because I saw Mike Lindell; I
sent it to you. He
endorsed Mike Lindell today.
President Trump is supposedly
revealing proof tonight showing that
both of Georgia... Oh, when I saw 'The
Devil Went Down to Georgia,'and
I say that's Charlie Daniels. I
thought that was probably funny, but it
wasn't. I saw great voter fraud
concerning Senate seats. Do you remember
that? Does anybody put in the comment
section right now? Do you remember we
were praying over the Senate seats?
And the Lord said specifically,
'Pray over Georgia, Florida, and
Minnesota right now.'He said,
'This is your assignment.'He said,
'Because Stacey Abrams, there was great
fraud coming out of that.'And the Lord
said, 'Pray over this.'This is all in
my opinion. Allegedly.
And so they're saying
the Democratic senators were
illegally elected in 2020 through fraud.
Do you support Trump's investigation? So
supposedly both senators
that got there did so by corruption. And
he's talking about bringing in Georgia.
This is what I was seeing in Atlanta, and
I saw districts that were corrupt, and it
was through voter fraud, and the Lord
said, 'Pray over this.'And I saw big money
funded into that. And when did we pray
over that? Like two weeks ago?
Yeah,
it's been a week now. We've been interceding
for Georgia specifically. And
I say it's about the Senate.
Remember I said it's over three seats—three
seats concerning the Senate,
losing the Senate for it to go
blue,
and great persecution coming against
President Trump and him being a
stalemate president.
The Lord said over three seats. I
brought it up. I said three seats. Pray
over these three seats. Two of them are
right there in Georgia. The Lord told us to
pray over Georgia, then pray over
Minnesota.
Wouldn't it be nice if Fetterman
ends up leaving the Democrats, going to
the Republicans,
and wins? We've got to make sure now we
pray over what's his name because he
went home to be with the Lord. I pray
he was saved. Everyone says,
'Well, he died and went to hell.'I
don't know if he knew Jesus
Christ. So I ain't here to judge
nobody's soul, but you know, the guy
that just died of a heart attack. And
even President Trump, I told you all, I
don't want to be a Candace Owens
sitting there telling y'all a
conspiracy theorist. I'm not trying to
be a conspiracy theorist and say,
'Well, he was poisoned.'I said I
thought it was interesting that he died
of a heart attack when the Lord warned
us, and he had come back from Russia. Silence is deafening from a socialist who never seems to hesitate to lecture New Yorkers about justice and intolerance. A man is federally charged with allegedly firebombing two houses of worship in Queens. And investigators have not ruled out arson in the fire that destroyed a 170-year-old Brooklyn church. That is such a heartbreak. They're still examining the evidence of possible foul play. But when churches are attacked or burned, City Hall should never go quiet. Condemning hate shouldn't be a question of politics. But this is what happens when progressive politics treat faith as an afterthought and religious institutions as something less worthy of public concern. Here to weigh in is Bruce Blakeman, Nassau County Executive. But it's not a big surprise. This is a guy who skipped the installation of a new archbishop of the Catholic Church in New York City. This is a guy who canceled a breakfast for the Puerto Rican Day Parade. This is a guy who wouldn't march in the Israel Day Parade. This is a guy who left Little Italy—both Little Italies—in New York City off his tourist map, but he put Little Palestine in there. I don't know any New Yorkers who know anything about where Little Palestine is. So he has demonstrated that he has an antipathy for Jews and Christians in the city, one of the largest constituents in the city of New York. And it's very troubling. His speech on July 4th was totally anti-American. It was as if America was an evil place. It was very dark. It was very disturbing. And basically, he should be blessed to be the mayor of the City of New York in the greatest country in the world. So
I'm not surprised, but it is very troubling. It's very troubling. And it's troubling that we have people that would vote for that and think it's okay. But you know what? It comes back to repentance. It comes back to holiness being preached in the pulpits. It comes back to preaching revival. And New York City needs a revival. New York City needs an awakening unto God. It's a cultural decay. It's the culture. What happens to the culture? It's because the preachers aren't preaching truth, righteousness, and holiness. Back in the church and up there, it's a lukewarm gospel. Obviously, something's going on because whenever you see it in Oklahoma, we preach holy. We preach fire up in here, and even in places in Florida, you don't see all the craziness going on. You're going to see Byron win. And we're going to pray for Mike Lindell to win. And we're going to pray for these people because we want to change things. And the only way you're going to change things is by first, 'if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways.'That's the first step. Then he'll heal our land. But it's not going to be on politicians to change the land until people start coming back to God on their knees and saying, 'Jesus, we repent for our wicked ways. We can't do this without you. We can't hold Trump—it's Trump's fault, it's this fault, it's that.'No, it's the preachers. We've got to preach. And as the culture of America goes back to God, you're going to see them voting righteously. But because they're not hearing it, that's why we're seeing all this drama. Churches are burning. We're going to see a giant being poked, called the church. When they realize the freedoms that we take for granted, you're going to lose if you don't start to rise up with a backbone like
a crowbar and start preaching the truth. Your First Amendment rights, the first one to go, the Lord said, especially when it comes to social media. Then they're going to come after the Second Amendment. And I saw these things happening over into 2030. But I'm telling you, I saw a great revival as pressure comes upon the church. I saw an olive press pushing down on the olives, and it was pressing fresh olive oil coming off of the preachers'mouths, but it was preaching holy. I'm telling you all, that's why without repentance, there is no true revival. And I'm telling you, Jesus Christ is coming. He's coming back for a church without spot, without wrinkle, without blemish. He's coming back for a bride that's on fire for him, that is looking for him, that has their lamps full of oil. When Billy Burke gave me that scripture, he said, 'This is Revelation.'Do you remember where he said it was located, son? Yes, I believe so. It's fine, we can keep going on. I don't want you to preach; we're already getting too late. Because he said when the bride was already in a state of readiness, she was pursuing him. She wasn't trying to set up her camp here on Earth. She was in hot pursuit of the Father. She was sold out. She wasn't lukewarm. She made herself ready. And that's where we need to be right now, making ourselves ready for our King. Jesus is coming,
but he's not looking for somebody who's in bed with the world. All right, so let's go ahead and move on to the next one. You can stop. No, I know. But I wanted to show that other thing there. There was something else important. So we prayed over Don Jr. We showed about Don Jr. praying over that. Mike Lindell—he supported Mike Lindell. You saw that? Because I saw Mike Lindell;
I sent it to you. He endorsed Mike Lindell today. President Trump is supposedly revealing proof tonight showing that both of Georgia... Oh, when I saw 'The Devil Went Down to
Georgia,'and I say that's Charlie Daniels. I thought that was probably funny, but it wasn't. I saw great voter fraud concerning Senate seats. Do you remember that? Does anybody put
in the comment section right now? Do
you remember we
were praying over
the Senate seats?
And the Lord
said specifically, 'Pray over Georgia, Florida, and Minnesota right now.'He
said, 'This
is your
assignment.'He
said,
'Because
Stacey
Abrams,
there was
great
fraud
coming
out
of
that.'And
the Lord said, 'Pray over this.'This is all in my opinion. Allegedly. And so they're saying the Democratic senators were illegally elected in 2020 through fraud. Do you support Trump's investigation? So supposedly both senators that got there did so by corruption. And he's talking about bringing in Georgia. This is what I was seeing in Atlanta, and I saw districts that were corrupt, and it was through voter fraud, and the Lord said,
'Pray over this.'And I saw big money funded into that. And when did we pray
over that? Like two weeks ago? Yeah, it's been a week now. We've been interceding for Georgia specifically. And I say it's about the Senate. Remember I said it's over three seats—three seats concerning the Senate, losing the Senate for it to go blue, and great persecution coming against President Trump and him being a stalemate president. The Lord said over three seats. I brought it up. I said three seats. Pray over these three seats. Two of them are right there in Georgia. The Lord told us to
pray over Georgia, then pray over Minnesota. Wouldn't it be nice if Fetterman ends up leaving the Democrats, going to the Republicans, and wins? We've got to make sure now we pray over what's his name because he went home
to be with the Lord. I
pray
he
was
saved.
Everyone
says,
'Well,
he
died
and
went
to
hell.'I
don't know if he knew Jesus Christ. So I ain't here to judge nobody's soul, but you know, the guy that just died of a heart attack. And even President Trump, I told you
all,
I
don't
want
to
be
a
Candace
Owens
sitting
there
telling
y'all
a
conspiracy
theorist.
I'm not trying to be a conspiracy theorist and
say, 'Well, he was poisoned.'I
said I thought it was
interesting that he died of
a heart attack when
the Lord
warned
us,
and he
had
come
back
from
Russia.
There's
not enough of them. 40 minutes with a
man grabbing a seven-year-old little
girl and taking her out to her parents, and
he's butt-naked running through a park—I'm
telling you. Oh my God,
don't do that in the state of Oklahoma.
That's all I can tell you;
everybody here carries.
He wouldn't have had
time to put his hand on my child.
We'd have a funeral.
All right, let's take communion.
Father, I thank you for all that you've
done for every single one of us. Lord,
we thank you for this nation as we see
all that's going on. We just know that
the signs of the times mean you're
coming, and we don't get all freaked
out about it. Some of it's funny, some
of it's not. I look at it as this is
all a sign of the times. But
Father, I thank you, Lord, for every
person who's represented here tonight.
I thank you, Father, that we're able to
jump right into that river, laughing at
things as I said. But
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the assignments that you put us on
to come up higher with you.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
body that you took
for us, that by your stripes, Lord,
we're healed. Father, you gave
us life and you wanted us to have an
abundance to the full until it overflows,
to enjoy life,
to be excited about life, to say,
'Father, we want it to the point
where we're living
in such overflow of joy that the
people around us say it's
contagious.'Joy
is contagious. And when you see
somebody, it's like somebody laughing—I
mean, yawning. When you see them yawn,
you kind of want to yawn. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that joy unspeakable
and full of glory is on every one of us
tonight, that people see it and say,
'Man, what is it?'When we see all this
craziness going on in the world, they see
it and they go, 'Man, why are you so
happy?'Because
I was once lost and now I'm
found.
I was blind, but now I see. Jesus saved
a wretch like me, and he wants me to
have life in abundance to the full until it
overflows, laughing and enjoying
everything that he has for us. And
Father, I thank you, Lord,
for the finished work of Jesus Christ.
I thank you, Lord, that by your stripes,
we're healed.
We take this body right now in Jesus'name,
and we give you praise and glory
for it. Amen and amen. Lord,
we thank you for the blood. We make much
of the blood; the blood makes much of
us. We thank you, Lord, that it never
loses its power. Thank you, Lord, for
the blood of Jesus. We plead the blood
of Jesus over us. We apply the blood of
Jesus over our families, over our
prayer time. And I thank you, Lord, if
there's anything you want me to see
tonight, if there's anything you want us
to do, Father, for you, we yield ourselves
to you, uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force. I apply
the blood of Jesus over us. And we thank
you, Father, for the blood. We make
much of the blood
as we plead the blood all around our
homes,
our work,
our finances,
our marriages, and
our children. Father, we thank you,
Lord,
and we take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
All right,
let's go ahead. I
want to say this: I've had people email,
and Diana told me about it. They said they're
tormented a lot by demonic spirits
and things. You say things are moving
around in your house and you're hearing
voices, and you're being tormented a
lot. I believe
in the blood of Jesus. I anoint my house
with oil all the time.
You anoint your house; you anoint where
you sleep. I anoint my kids
with oil. I believe in the power of the
blood. This
represents the blood in the
spirit realm. You can get it on
Amazon; you don't have to get it from a
priest. It's from the heart, but I
do it in symbol. It's symbolic like
the children of Israel when the death
angel passed by and it didn't touch
them. They put the blood on the
doorpost, and where the blood was
applied, Satan couldn't cross. The death
angel couldn't cross. And where the
blood is applied in your house, the
devil can't cross.
If they could do it under the Old
Covenant, how much more can you do it?
So I apply the blood over my kids. I
anoint them with oil. Where the
blood is applied, Satan can't
touch them. Where the blood is applied
over my car—I anoint my car with oil. I
make much of the blood.
I make much of His grace. I make
much of what He's done for me.
If I lived by President Trump
and he allowed me to come over,
I'd anoint him with oil all the time.
I mean, I would anoint
his kids if I could. That's me. They'd
probably say, 'Brandon, why do you
always come?'If I was a personal friend of
his, I'd go up there and say,
'I'm sorry you invited me, but I'm going to
anoint you if you let me.'I'd just put it
on his head. I do it all the time.
Father, I put this—it represents the blood—I anoint you with the blood
of Jesus.
Where the blood is applied,
Satan, you can't touch it.
I believe it.
I'm a believing believer, and I'm not
a doubter. You've got to make much of the
blood of Jesus in these last days. When
your kids go back to school in the next
couple of weeks, America,
apply the blood to your Johnny and
to your kids as they go to school.
Cover them; put the blood on
their backpack. Put the blood on their
shoes. Oh, I anoint your feet with oil.
I cover my kids anytime they go
anywhere. I anoint them with oil.
Jesus, the blood—this represents the
blood. We make much of the blood in this
house.
No sickness. Well, you know the flu is
extra bad this year. Did you not know? I
plead the blood over your nose.
I plead the blood over your mouth. I
plead the blood over your—oh, Father, I
thank you, Lord. I give you praise,
Father, for the blood of Jesus.
You said, 'By your stripes, we're
healed.'And
I cover them in the blood. So I
encourage you: cover your wife, cover
your husband, cover your house. You
say, 'Well, I've got this going on in my
house.'No.
You know, when I was a kid,
my mom and dad rented a lot of
homes. In
some of the
houses we would rent, they had critters.
We call them critters. We don't make a
lot of drama about demons
because demons are
defeated,
so we don't talk about it a lot.
There's a lot of you that probably don't
know this. We rented a house, we'd
go in there, and some nights she'd be
sleeping in bed and you'd hear footsteps
walking around, or pictures moving and
slamming against the wall, or some kind
of groans or voices.
Because you go into somebody's house
and you're renting it, you don't know
who was there before. They could have
been a witch; there could have been a
lot of things, practicing Ouija boards,
all kinds of stuff. Inviting stuff in,
watching bad movies—don't be watching
horror films. You invite stuff into your
house. The books you read—you're
reading Harry Potter all the
time or Stephen King or whoever, I
don't know—some of these bad books,
bad horror novels and stuff, you're
inviting it in. Listening to Rob
Zombie and evil music, you invited it
in. If you invited it in, you can't kick a
devil out of your house that you invited
in.
Does that make sense? If you said, 'Come
on in, Mr. Devil. I like what I'm
listening to. I like watching Jason,
Freddy, and Halloween movies and all
that stuff.'I watch that. Boy, I like it;
fear feels good. No. When you
invite the devil into your house, he's
going to take a lot.
He'll take a whole bunch from you. The
more you entertain the devil, the more
you're not going to cast him out of your
house.
So I say, 'No,
you aren't coming in my house.'So
Dad would go around and anoint the house
with oil. You anoint your bed with oil. Are
you having bad dreams? Is the devil tormenting
your sleep? I anoint the headboard. I
anoint the headboard and my
footboard down at
the bottom, everywhere. If I don't have
that, I anoint my mattress. If I don't
have that, I anoint the blanket. I
don't care; the blood covers it. Do you
understand?
But you've got to know who you are and
not be a parrot. So you better
understand: read the book. Read
where the children of Israel did
it. They anointed their house
with oil, and the Lord commissioned them
with the blood of the lamb—real blood—and
they applied it. And the death angel
passed by, and the devil couldn't take
their life.
Where the blood was applied, Satan
couldn't cross.
So, it's the same thing with you. I apply it over the
kids. I apply it over my
dog. Oh Father, I thank you, Lord, that
little dog is going to live a long life.
I pray over him; he's not going to have
doctor bills all the time, having to take him
to the vet because they're always sick
with stomach bugs or whatever. I thank
you, Lord, that as long as I have this
dog in my house, he's underneath my
covering, and I plead the blood of Jesus
over this dog.
My tires. I'm a tither. I'm a giver. I
have tither's rights. So, I believe with
tither's rights that my stuff lasts a
long time. I thank you, Lord, for this
car. I inquire of you on every car I
buy. When I inquire of you on the tires
I buy, I inquire of the Lord. So I
anoint the car with oil. I thank you, Lord, for
good gas mileage. I thank you,
Lord, that I have a car that
lasts a long time and doesn't break down.
Make much of the blood. 'Well, it
broke down.'Well, you still apply it
anyway. 'Well, I got an air
conditioner and it had problems.'I don't
know, I still practice it.
The devil tried to challenge it, but I'm
not going to let go of it, and I'm going
to still believe it.
Either you're a believer or you're a
doubter, and I'm a
believing believer that's an overcomer.
Even whenever I see the winds trying to
knock me down or the waves try to knock me
down, I'm going to stand up and I'm
still going to believe in the power of
the blood of Jesus.
They try to challenge it,
but I instantaneously open the door and
say, 'Get out!
Get out! You ain't coming into my house.
You ain't astral projecting in my house.
You try to astral project in my house?
No, no. You witches try to astral project?
No, no. I apply the blood. Where the
blood is applied, Satan doesn't cross.'They
can try to challenge it. Oh, no.
The blood of Jesus.
Make much of the blood. So when you say,
'I got pictures moving around in my house,'no.
The blood of Jesus.
It never loses its power. Put praise and
worship music on in your house and go to
bed. Apply the blood over your kids. Apply
the blood. Where the blood is applied,
Satan doesn't cross. Keep doing it over
and over and over again. Faith, faith,
faith. You keep standing on the word.
Keep believing. Find scriptures that
pertain to what you're believing for.
'If ye abide in me and my words remain in
you, ask what you will and it will be done.'But
you have to have his words
remaining in you first.
If you abide in him and his words remain
in you... His words are this book, the
Bible, the B-I-B-L-E. Read it. Become
friends with it. Get it down in your
heart. And the more you get that down in
your heart, it's going to change you
from the inside out. If you don't read
the Bible and it has dust all over it,
you're in trouble in these last days.
You've got to get the word down inside
of you so much that it's a backbone like
a crowbar.
Get in there. Brother Hagin used to say
that all the time.
You've got to get a hold of it.
The Lord said, 'If you don't know Psalm
91 and Psalm 23, you're in trouble.'Why?
Because it's life.
His words are life to those that
find them and health to all their flesh.
So, anoint your kids with oil.
Anoint your wife with oil. Anoint your
husband with oil. 'Well, they don't
want me to do that. They're not
born again.'Well, anoint them when
they're asleep.
I would. If my wife wasn't born again,
I'd be over there doing this.
'Why do I wake up with this crazy spot on
my head all the time?'Because I believe
in the blood.
'Don't you do that to me!'Well, you're
married to me. I'm going to cover you
with the blood.
False religion. You said, 'Well, my
husband's a Buddhist and I'm a Christian.'Now
I'm going to tell them in
the name of Jesus, 'You foul devil from
hell! Get out of him, you false
religion!'For
they are life to those who find them
and health to all their flesh. Yep,
that's a good one. Proverbs 4:22.
You found it, son, didn't you?
That's a good one. Proverbs 4:22. For
they are life to those that find them
and health to all their flesh—his word.
So find it and it's health to you. It's
life. His word is life.
Do you get that?
You can't do anything outside of him. If
Jesus couldn't do it, you can't either.
He said, 'I do nothing unless I hear my
Father say to do it.'He
inquired of God in
everything he did. Jesus
inquired of the Lord. David inquired of
the Lord. And if Jesus did it, I'm going
to do it. If David did it, I just go,
'Hey, man. He's just a man. I
want to be like that.'Because God said he was a
man after his own heart. So, I'm just
like, 'Hey, if that's what you're
looking for, a man that's quick to
repent.'He
was quick to repent.
In the last days, we must be quick to
repent. If we mess up, we run to the
Father. We don't run from God when we
sin. We run to God. 'Oh, Father, forgive
me.'Because
the Bible says that in the last
days, men will be lovers of themselves.
And people that are lovers of themselves are
not quick to repent.
It's about me,
my, my. I want to be
about him. So, I hope that helps
you. People are saying, 'Well, what do we
do when you got things
bumping in the night?'Well, when you
got things bumping in the night, you
take the authority of the believer and
you apply the blood of Jesus.
Tell the devil, 'You get out of my
house.'You
don't have to be tormented by a
demon. Demons are supposed to be
tormented by you.
They're
supposed to—when you wake up every
morning, they go, 'Oh my God,
she's awake!'and they run.
Submit yourself therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
I'm not going to allow a pig to be
inside of me. If they
cast them out and put them in pigs—Jesus
put them in a pig—I'm not going to allow
something that should be in a pig inside of me.
No, no, no. I'm not going to
allow you to torment me.
I am covered by the
blood of Jesus. And that's another thing
people get upset and say, 'Well, you
can't be possessed with the devil,
Brandon, because you're a born-again Christian.'Never
said you could.
There's a difference between being
possessed with the devil and being
oppressed.
Big difference.
And I have seen it both ways. Tongue-talking,
Holy Ghost-filled people oppressed
by stuff because they open the door to
it. You're looking at porn and you're
talking in tongues on Sunday? The devil
will get a foothold in you.
You're looking at porn, you're doing
things you shouldn't be doing. You know
you're not supposed to be doing it.
You're opening the door to a devil and
they'll oppress you.
They'll get a hold of your mind, get a
stronghold on your mind. Yes, they will.
If you're inviting the devil in, he'll—'Well,
you know what? We're just going to
do social drinking on the weekends and
we just get a little buzzed. We get a
little tipsy. We don't get totally
wasted, but we get a little buzzed.'You're
opening the door to the devil.
He'll come right in on
you and you'll start dealing with
alcohol all the time. 'Well, I have to
have a whole bottle,'then two
bottles, now three bottles, 'but I'm
not an alcoholic. I'm not an alcoholic.'You
give the devil just a little bit of
room and he'll take a mile.
Same thing with all kinds of
stuff, y'all. We all have
something we're going through,
right? But we apply the blood. I'm
just trying to help,
telling you how to be free.
The word of God will keep you
free and set you free. But you've got to
know the truth, and the truth of God's
Word will set you free. I'm trying
to tell you, there's a lot of people
walking around with a lot of baggage and they
don't even realize it.
People don't teach
that stuff at church anymore,
especially about the demonic.
And I've seen people they want to admit
them into insane asylums and they go,
'Well, we've got to put them on medication.'No,
they've got a
devil they need to be free of.
There's a lot of people who have some stuff
attached to them. They've got attachments,
is what I call them. And I'll walk
around and listen, and with the gift that
I walk in, I'll walk around and say,
'That one right there has
something they need. It's on their shoulder.'And
a lot of times it looks
like a monkey. They'll be attached on
their shoulder, and they'll have a band
around their head. I'll see all these
attachments. Is it inside of them, like
in their spirit? No, the Holy
Ghost is there. But you allow
baggage to be like a snot
rag. It tries to latch onto you;
it tries to sit on your
shoulder, and you allow it. But I'm
Holy Ghost; I'm wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He's not inside of me; he's just an
attachment on the outside.
Does that make sense? I am wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost.
But you allow little attachments
on your shoulder.
Can they stay? No, not if you get in the
Word.
Not if you shut the doors to stuff and
you don't allow him in. But
he goes from here to here, and the
next thing you know, you've opened it up
and now he's grabbing hold of
your head. I've seen people
walk around with stuff on their head and
they're
growling, acting a certain
way, but they're praying in tongues, and
I'm going, 'What gives with that?'They're
baptized in the Holy Ghost;
they're tongue-talkers.
They know
how to believe God for some stuff, but
they've got stuff manifesting on them,
and I've seen it all.
And so you get mad, but Lester Sumrall will
tell you the same thing.
But it depends on what
circles you get in. There are all kinds
of different circles. I have to tell you
that I was one that had eight,
and my mom and dad had to get me some
help. We went to certain places and
they didn't believe it.
They wanted to admit me and I was
ready to kill myself. I had such a
problem with depression and suicide,
and it was terrible.
They put me on
medication and gave me these pills,
and I was so sedated I'd run into walls
because they thought, 'This guy's really
messed up. We've got to get him some help.'So
they put me on medication, and
my mom and dad—when the guy said
because I was so bad we could
put him in the hospital—my
dad went on a four-day
fast (I believe it was more than
that, a five-day fast) and started
fasting
because nobody at the church could help
us.
Nobody; they didn't believe it. 'Well,
he's baptized in the Holy Ghost. What's
going on with him?
Well, he just needs counseling.'So
we went to get counseling. And I was
working for a big ministry, and they
paid for it: 'We'll send him to this over here.'And
here I am with my radio
turning on in the middle of the night—turning
on heavy metal,
turning on stuff. Creepy
stuff was going on; creepy stuff.
I didn't know what to do,
so Mom and Dad started fasting. Dad
fasted,
and they cast those devils out of me.
And I'm telling you what, I was free.
And I swore at that moment I'd never go
back again.
Never.
At that point in my life, you have
people tell you, especially in the Word
of Faith crowd, 'There ain't no way.'But
I'm telling you, it was real, and my mom
and dad can vouch for it. There are
other people who can vouch for it. My wife saw
I vomited up a thing that looked like
oatmeal
in a towel.
It stunk like sulfur.
And Jesus set me free.
So, I'm telling you, I don't talk about
things a lot,
but there's a lot of times I feel like
there's some things that people should
know
because they're walking around
bound by the devil
and there's no reason for it.
You keep going around the mountain,
around the mountain.
And you keep running into
the wall of addictions and things.
And sometimes you've just got attachments
and you've just got to get free.
But the church doesn't want to recognize
it a lot of times because, you know what,
they live in compromise and they don't
believe in the power anyway. They're
a bunch of weak, limp-wristed Christians.
And because they live that way and they
live in compromise,
they don't want to fast; they don't want
to seek the Father.
So they like living in their
lukewarmness,
and there's no devil that's challenged
by your lukewarm limp-wristedness.
If you have some firepower,
that's whenever they get upset.
I've seen it all. When I
tell you I've had three visitations and
the devil's come, I really truly am
telling you he came:
Satan himself.
And I've seen him appear before me
twice.
He's not shy.
But I don't give any glory to it.
He's defeated.
But all this stuff is not Hollywood;
it's real. The spirit realm is real, and
there's a lot of you that play around
with it. So I just try to help.
Hopefully that helped some of you a
little bit. I give you a little bit of
something, but I don't go into depth.
I say, 'Lord, I'm
so tired of being—'I don't want to—
You know people where you hear that
'Heaven to gain, hell to shun,'you've got
all this stuff. And I go, 'It's parroting.
Just be you.'You
know, when you
were so bound—Brandon was so bound.
I'll never forget it. I was sitting in—and
then this time opened the
door again. Obviously,
I was dealing with a lot of sadness,
feeling bad for myself, feeling sorry
for myself all the time. And
when Megan first got diagnosed with
autism,
I was sitting in with Diana and I was
always thinking, 'I can't keep living
this way.'And I went to a church service
in Crescent, Oklahoma, and a man named
Ronald was there.
And that spirit of suicide tried to come
back that I told you about, and he saw it.
I started groaning
like a cow on the floor and got rid of
it, and foam came out of my mouth again,
and Jesus set me free. But opening
yourself up for things—I
was just moments
away from running my car off a bridge,
and Jesus set me free.
Now, if you don't keep yourself in the
Word of God—and 'faith cometh
by hearing, and hearing by the word of God'—if
you don't feed yourself the
Word and continually get that Word down
and renew your mind, you open yourself
up for more stuff to come back, and eight
more of his buddies will come back. So
I continually am looking at this Word,
filling myself up with the word of God,
listening to Kathryn Kuhlman, reading books,
filling myself up because I've learned
don't go back to what you used to be;
you have to come up higher in
your relationship and fellowship with
Him. So you say, 'Well, I don't believe that.'Well,
you haven't been bound
enough to believe it,
right?
Because if you're desperate enough and
you've been through hell like me,
you'll understand. But a lot of the
people who are Pharisees don't get it
because they've never had the
opportunity where they needed it,
right? The devil's blinded you anyway.
So I don't try to argue with
ignorance. I was there. I walked it. And
I've seen a lot more other people do it,
too.
And Jesus set them free. Now, I don't
believe in always being—the devil is
behind every bush
or devil there. You know how many people
told me that Megan had a devil? 'Well,
you open the door through sin, Brandon.
That's why she has autism. It's your
fault.'I
went and paid people money.
I went to a
place in Dallas and I paid a man—he has
books now—and I said, 'I'll pay your ministry.'They
charge 500 bucks
to get it out. I didn't have
it at the time.
But you know what? People are fake.
There's a lot of fake religious
Christians around here, too, that charge
for deliverance ministry. It's fake. I
believe in offerings, but if you're
charging for deliverance, God help you.
Now that I understand where God's
put us in a position, I just say, 'God help you.'If
you charge for healing ministry,
God help you.
Or are people trying to charge for
prophetic words? Oh, you mean you're a
soothsayer?
God help you.
So, I don't know why I said all that,
but it was for somebody. But anoint your
house with oil.
Believe in the power of the blood of
Jesus.
You'll know the truth, and the truth will
set you free. You don't have to be
tormented.
I've been there, and Jesus set me free.
And if he will do it for me, I know
he'll do it for you.
I was bound.
It was bad
for a long time.
And Jesus set me free.
So God is so good.
All right.
It's all about the blood.
The spirit realm, y'all, is more real
than the natural realm.
When you're able to see people astral
project and you see the witchcraft and
you see the things that I see, I don't
focus on it
because I always see the angels when
they try to mess with you. And the
angels are so much bigger.
The angels are so much more powerful.
Those devils are defeated
and they always look like pigs. They
always look like scaly looking things,
snakes and black figures and all
kinds of stuff. But the angels are so
beautiful.
I'll never forget the three that came
one night. They were trying to get me
and they shook my whole house. The whole
roof of my house shook.
And I got up and I thought somebody was
breaking in.
And there was one
that had a pig nose, big red eyes, and they were
all there. And they
had scaly skin with hair growing all off
of them. Looked like somebody out of
Star Wars.
And they were grunting and growling.
But I couldn't figure out how they
weren't able to get into the house. And
I was pleading the blood and Dina
said, 'Somebody's trying to break in.'The
whole house shook. So I got up and I
went and I looked outside and by
my front yard there was a chain-linked
thing. There were arm-linked
angels that were all joined by the arms
and they were wrapped around my whole
house. These angels were massive.
They were massive.
And I was taken back
by what I saw. But the angels were
laughing at these demons that were
trying to get to me. They were laughing.
But as they laughed, it echoed
through the neighborhood. I could hear
it. And it sounded like waters. And
it was,
but it wasn't evil. It was
amazing,
like echoes. And it echoed
through the whole thing. You could hear
it in the neighborhood
in the spirit.
And as they—I said, 'Praise God.'And
those angels knew that I could see them,
obviously. They turned around and
looked at me and they went back and they
went, 'Praise God.'And they started worshipping
the Lord with me. And I said,
'Praise God.'And they went,
'Praise God.'And when they did, it went 'Woo!'and
the sound was deafening. It
was so loud. And I could
see them. And they were looking at the
Father.
They were looking at the Father. And I
got so excited. I go, 'Praise God.'And
they went, 'Praise God.'And they
started praising the Lord with me. And
the moment I started praising the Lord,
they would praise the Lord. And we would
echo it back and forth. I don't know how
long that went on, but I got
caught up in it because I started, 'Oh,
praise you, God. You're so good. Oh, Father.'And
they were worshipping the
Lord with me.
I don't even know what happened to the
demons. They just disappeared. I wasn't
paying attention to it no more.
I was just praising the Lord with them because
I was just in awe at what
God was allowing me to see because
at the moment I was scared because I was
thinking, 'What are these big things outside?'But
the Lord showed me the
angels. So, I went to work the next day
at the church
and I didn't know that I had
glory on me because the pastor said—I
told him when I saw him—he said, 'Brenton, I
believe it. There's actually a light.
There's a glow on you.'And I thought,
'Wow,
the glory is transferable
like cross-pollination
when you get over in that realm of the
spirit.'It
gets on you. It changes you from the
inside out.
The word of God changes you. The glory
changes you. It's amazing.
And I'll never forget those angels
and how all the time the Lord showed me
things like that like he did here.
And the angels stood there and I've
seen them and I saw the opal suit angel
and they all look
different. But I'm going to tell you,
we don't get stuck on that.
But I'm going to tell you that
the spirit realm is more real than
the natural.
You're one breath away. To be absent
from the body is to be present with the
Lord or to be in hell. You're on your
way. The moment you take your last
breath,
you're done.
That moment, you're either on your way
there or there. It's that
fast. But the spirit realm's that real.
But most people never know that
until they take their last breath. And
they didn't even realize
that. Like they say, there's a heaven to
gain and a hell to shun. Which side are
you on?
And I've seen the other side. I've seen
Satan's palace.
It's onyx with blood flowing
from his altar.
I don't know how he did it. I've seen
the principalities that surround
him.
I've seen the steps. I've seen it as he
took me in there and offered me
everything. I've seen it all.
Satan's palace is all black onyx.
It's the most demonic thing I've ever
seen in my life where he sits. And it's
not in hell.
It's not in hell.
It's right above us.
It's not in hell. His throne room is not
in hell. It's right above; it's
up here.
And then there's another realm
when you push through that and it's the
glory realm. But I'm
telling you, heaven is in a dimension of
itself. It's the most beautiful place you've
ever seen in your life.
I've been allowed to go and see it. How
many times now you think, son?
Several. It's a lot. But I always come
back and I tell everybody what I see.
My mom brought it up to me the other
day. She goes, 'You remember whenever
Debbie's daughter died in the van
accident?'She
said, 'You saw her and she was
looking and she was—she looked back and
she was looking at her body when she got
in a tragic car accident.'I
said, 'Yeah, I remember her
standing in the flowers and she was
puzzled because she went home early.'And
I remember her standing there and
looking at the flowers and the
flowers didn't die as she was standing
in the flowers. They weren't crushed by
her weight. She walked in the midst of
these flowers, but they were colors that
I've never seen before.
Shades,
shades of beautiful colors.
And she looked back at her body and she
looked, and Jesus grabbed a hold of her
hand and he took her in.
People were like, 'Why didn't she come
back? She was like 11 years old.'That
was a while ago, but I'll never
forget the Lord allowed me to see that
whenever she left her body and I saw her
standing in heaven and I could see her
looking back. There are
so many things that I've
been able to—I don't know
why the Lord allows me to see this
stuff. I don't know. But I see a lot of
stuff. And the Lord allowed me to see
people die. I see things come back to
life. I've seen, like I said,
the spirit realm is more real than
even the air that you breathe.
The demonic show off all the time. I see
it a lot, but I never talk about it.
I don't give them praise. I don't
give them glory because I could always
see them inside
of people. And the moment you
acknowledge them, they get strength
from pride.
The more
you fear them, you reverence that more
than you fear God.
They get strength,
and I've seen them; they draw from that
energy of fear. Fear tolerated is
faith contaminated. It is true.
But they get strength from fear,
and it's harder to get them out.
It's interesting
when you fear, but when you fear Him and
reverence Him, they're weak.
But Satan is the same way.
And I've seen him present things to
people. I see him going to meetings. He
talks to a lot of people with a lot of
money. It's his wheelhouse. But he
always has meetings with these huge
business people like George and Bill.
They're friends with him.
I always wondered about the man in
China, too. He always talks to him,
but the Lord allowed me to look
at him, and I watch and I'm able to
hear their meetings.
It's interesting.
But
I could actually sit here and
talk to you all night about it.
There's a lot of things I could tell
you,
but I just give bits and pieces because
a lot of you don't believe it. And
I'm not going to cast my pearls,
but there's things that I see that
my wife hears.
I tell her everything. I like to
tell her, so she likes to hear it. And my son—that
man right there—show him, he's
friends with the devil.
Satan visits him and talks to him. I'll
watch him when he has his meetings with
him.
He has two demons that look like dragons
that stand on each side of him.
That man right there. And he'll be in
meetings and he'll do satanic stuff
in his office on the top floor. I could
see him up there and he does things and
he has a big Chinese stuff and
I can see it when
the devil shows up to talk to him.
Like I said, he has two demons that are
assigned to him. There's also this demon
that I know about this guy. He
talked to him; he calls it the 'purple voice'and
he's made him very rich.
It's interesting.
People sell their soul to the devil all
the time and they don't realize that
they're one breath away from spending
eternity in hell.
But Satan does it because he wants to
get a stronghold in your life to kill,
steal, and destroy you. But it's more
than that; it's to kill, steal, and
destroy multitudes.
Influence with celebrities like
Billy and others. And
he'll use them for a
season and then he throws you aside when
you're no longer relevant
and it's over.
He gets a stronghold and then they lose
their mind. They start acting crazy like
Britney.
But
I always just love to look at this—whenever
He shows me the angels, I
just go, 'Ah.'The demons, I don't care about
it. I just go, 'Thank God.'I
see them on people and I want to help them.
But it's interesting to me though,
that the supernatural of the angelic
is so amazing. But they're always
looking at Him. They're never about themselves.
That's why I said when people
say, 'Well, I see this. I see that,'I go,
'You're not seeing what I'm seeing.'They're
always looking at Him.
They are
obsessed with Him. Is
that a good word? Maybe not. With the
Father,
it's the way we are. Because when you
just taste
and see that He's good, there's nothing
else that matters.
He is all I want.
When you actually can smell Him...
when I say He has a fragrance, I'm being
real with you. He has a fragrance.
The Father has a fragrance.
He smells. He's wonderful. It's not BO;
I'm talking about amazing. It smells
like honeysuckle
with cinnamon
and it's the most... it
penetrates your nose. And when you smell
Him, His breath, it smells beautiful.
And I've been there and I can smell
it.
Angels smell, demons smell. They stink
like sulfur.
The most awful smelling rotten eggs.
Unclean spirits stink even worse.
And they have hairy butts.
Yes. Nasty hairy butts.
Unclean. And they stink.
They're the most awful smelling thing
you've ever smelled in your life, to the
point where it makes you feel like
you're going to vomit. And homosexual
spirits smell even worse.
They do.
I tried to tell you.
But the angels, they smell good and
the glory smells good.
It's amazing.
Like I said, the spirit realm is
more real than the natural realm.
And when you die, you're going to
experience it, unless the Lord gives
you eyes to see ahead of time.
But it's a wonderful place.
And the temperature in heaven is
beautiful. And I've always tried
to pinpoint it because there's no
thermostat, but I always told Diana, I
said, 'It's right about 70 degrees,
72 at the most.'It's not hot. It's not
cold. It's perfect. And
its fragrance is beautiful.
I've talked too much tonight.
So, but we've got to pray for our
President.
It's late, so that's why I probably did
it. I was tired already. Jumping in the
river and doing it and pulling like this
makes me tired. But I'm so
thankful for everybody that's here
tonight.
Sometimes I just like to talk about
things.
I hold it all inside a lot.
But
from investments to all kinds of things,
He talks to me about it all.
When you seek Him daily, you'll find
Him. When you knock, the door
will be opened. It's real. When you get
real with God, God will get real with
you. Stop being fake.
Tell Him when you're upset. Tell Him
whenever you're having a bad day.
Don't be disrespectful, but treat
Him like He's your father. Be an
imitator of God as dear children imitate
their father. imitate him. Be
real with him. Stop being fake.
He knows when you're mad. He knows when
you're having a bad day. He knows when
you're irritated at Him. Talk to Him and
be real with Him. When you get real with
Him, he'll get real with you.
I need you.
So much religion.
I cannot stand religion.
I want relationship.
Same thing when you're
praying with somebody. I can feel it
when they're engaged
versus when they're thinking. Do you
know the Lord a lot of times allows me...
I can hear thoughts now,
and the Lord allowed me to do that.
Sometimes it comes on and I can touch
you, and the Lord allows me to do that.
It's very interesting some of the stuff
that I could do. I just can't talk about
it a lot. But it's interesting some of
the things,
conversations.
But I always dealt with a lot of it
because when I had special needs all
my life,
I'd spend a lot of time by myself
because I couldn't read, couldn't write.
I could barely do
anything.
And I had so many
bullies in grade school
getting spit on every day. At school
I would just sit by myself, eat by myself in the
school cafeteria,
everything. And I just developed a
relationship with Him. And I think
that's whenever I started dealing
with stuff and I got demonic stuff
jumping on me.
It was crazy. And Jesus set me free.
But it was always... the devil had always
been so after it because
I've been seeing since I was
five.
My first visions I ever had were of
demons all the time. Didn't know what to
do with it.
And then Jesus. And then I
started seeing angels
as a little kid. And then I really
started to see him when I was 16.
So, but yep. Pretty cool, huh? I guess.
I like my relationship with Him. I
have fun sitting at the dryer.
I did it today. I went in there and I
was helping Diana and she was doing
things because she's working and making
money. And I told her, I said, 'I'll help with
laundry and do things.'And I went in
and was cleaning and she was doing her
paperwork and all her stuff she does.
I was in there
talking and I said, "Oh, I'm at the laundry
machine today. I get to talk
to you
without distractions; it's just me in
the
dryer."Folding
laundry while she's doing
paperwork for people—it's so nice. I
said, "It's just me in the dryer today."What
I meant by that was just the songs
singing to him, having a relationship,
folding laundry,
making sure Megan's fed, and doing things
that I do. It's just exciting.
I don't know if
y'all are bored of that, but it's real.
And when you find him—and
you'll find him if you seek him.
It's in the simplest things. It doesn't
have to be all
religious. It's pulling weeds,
it's in the trees, and
it's in the rocks.
He's in the
worms, the bugs, and
the birds chirping.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for
every single one of them.
I thank you that you become so
real to them like you're real to me.
I ask you, Father, that you would
visit them in the midnight hour and
in the middle of
the day. You would visit them, Father,
and you would talk to them,
show them, and tell them things
which are to come.
I thank you, Lord, that you open their
eyes to see in the realm of the spirit,
that they have a heart to receive the
things that you're going to show them, and
that they don't take it for granted.
They take every single moment,
every breath, and everything you do
for them, Father, and
honor it, even down to the small cup of
coffee.
Father, we lift up our president
tonight before you. We
cover Don Jr., Eric,
Tiffany, and Barron. We thank you,
Father, for the blood.
Kai,
we thank you for the blood, Lord.
We make much of the blood; the blood
makes much of us. And we apply the blood
over them right now in the name
of Jesus.
There's definitely something there.
How do you want me to do that? I've
already been talking too long, Lord, and
I apologize. I
cover it. I just have to pray
in the spirit for a little bit, y'all,
because of what I just saw over Don Jr.
again and over the Clarity Act.
I saw three visions right there back-to-back:
Don Jr.,
New York, and
to cover the Clarity Act.
They're trying to pass this, and it
is very serious.
So I'm just going
to pray in the spirit for a minute.
Now I see a tree attaching onto a
ball of
roots.
I see decisions being made by
Macron.
Agreements were made with Zelensky and Macron.
I see a cobra
rising up out of Zelensky. I see Zelensky
turning into a
cobra. The spider and
the cobra,
but this is not a black spider; this is
a spider that has
a green backside.
He almost looks like a praying mantis,
Macron.
I see President Trump now
scrambling.
I saw a teddy bear that looked
like a child's toy over Europe,
and I saw the snake
slithering toward this teddy bear. But
then I went from here to
America and I saw President Trump
focusing on midterms right now,
trying to do a
Hail Mary play for midterms between now
and then.
But they make a debate. This is
what he's doing with Iraq; I see the establishment of
Iraq.
The Lord said, "Do you see
the motive behind it, though?"That's why
I saw it.
The Lord said, "You just thank
me."All
praise goes to you, Master,
always.
The whole thing
just interests me.
I see the motive behind it; you allow
me to see the heart.
The Lord said he's
frustrated because he should
have done it a long time ago.
The Lord was strong
about it;
I saw a stronghold on it.
It's demonic nails—red
fingers with black nails—and
he's
clenching it like this. It's a three-stranded
cord,
and his thumb grabs it up here.
These three fingers are
grabbing hold of it, and this finger's
let loose.
It's
grabbed like this, and this finger is
pried open, and there's a pocket
there and a coin there. I see
a coin
with black nails,
but he loses his grip today.
The Lord said he should have done it in
his first term;
he
had the opportunity to.
But
I brought him back around
and gave him an opportunity to fix
that which he didn't do the first term because
he'll be obedient. Be
obedient to what the Lord's called you
to do.
Do it speedily because
you're running out of time. The Lord
said, "Do it speedily because you're
running out of time
in the
natural."Be
quick
to do
it.
You
better hurry because you're running out
of time.
He'll give you favor. The Lord said,
"I'm going to give you favor.
Set your sights on it, and I'll
bring it to pass. I'll bring favor
to you to get the job done for my
people."Set
your sights to what I've asked you
to do.
You want more time?
Do what I've asked you to do.
I hear it very clear:
you know what to do.
Repair.
I see Iran being shaken
across the land.
I see a flipping
of the script.
You'll hear now he'll focus
more on the homeland and
Cuba—a
flipping
as you see alliances.
The final death blow to the
Iranian regime is about to unfold and a
revival for a season.
I see a freedom coming on the people, on
His church, and there'll be a
distraction and a reaction.
I see the Iranian underground church
rising up, and I see a revival there—freedom
fighters. But I see Saudi Arabia and
other Arab nations
coming to help to get a percentage of
the pie.
I see Iraq and
this oil line that is
already built halfway. It's already
built.
It just needs to be finished.
This pipeline with the Kurds,
I see
by the end of his term, you're
looking at a major percentage of this.
I see
percentages of oil.
It's 'drill baby drill'in
Iraq. You're
about to see big oil wealth.
It's like Saudi
Arabia.
I see the man with the five o'clock
shadow deal with some corruption.
The Lord can use whoever he wants
to use. Look,
I can see it like a Pharaoh.
'I harden the hearts,'he said, 'I soften
the hearts. I'm going to get the job
done
because of the art of the deal.'It
should have
been done last
term,
but divine delays.
He'll restore back what the
cankerworm ate. Time.
We pray over those senators'hearts.
All
of the RINOs concerning this bill, be
removed in the name of Jesus. We call
your hearts pliable.
Get it done now in Jesus'name, even in
the midnight hour.
Look at that one.
That one has some kind
of green-looking critter on him.
That one looks like the Grinch.
That man right there has the Grinch-looking devil in him. It's the Grinch.
Authority.
You must use your authority.
I tell you in the
name of Jesus, release him and let him
go.
He'll think clearly
to get the job done so
that the financial flow...
he'll get the job done.
The hardening of the heart—no more softening—get
the job done. Release him
and let him go.
The
votes are there. After that,
the votes are there. Go now
in
Jesus'name.
Angels of the Lord camp around and make
war against those demonic spirits.
Get it done.
You'll see great favor.
We're going to push this through
in
Jesus'name.
The precious metals push us through in
What's interesting is the one
that
looks like a black crow with the raven,
with all his feathers molting out.
He has bald
spots on that
raven.
Is that Schumer?
His feathers are falling out.
He's a black raven-looking crow
and his feathers are falling out.
More mysterious departures.
You'll see more mysterious departures.
We pray over all the Supreme Court
judges.
We pray over Clarence Thomas'health. We
pray for strength in his bones. We pray
strength in his heart, his prostate, and his
body. We pray over him to be healthy in
Jesus'name.
I see a spirit trying to attack
the traitor's mind,
making her nuts. The Lord
says she opened the door, Amy.
And it makes
her kooky.
You know whenever you're paranoid?
Paranoia trying to set in on this
woman,
where
people even around you... paranoia
setting in. You'll remember
this. I see a spirit of paranoia.
Paranoid to the point where
people are going to talk
conspiracies.
This is a demonic spirit
that has latched on to her to make her...
I don't want to
call it schizophrenic.
It's like a
conspiracy.
Help me Holy Spirit with the right words
because I see it in
a vision. I see her almost like
looking out from behind a
curtain and peeking
outside because you think somebody's
trying to hurt you.
She's looking out the window,
peeking out the window.
I see a curtain, but she doesn't
think you can see her, but people can
see her.
It's a spirit of fear.
The Lord said
it is a
tormenting spirit of fear.
She opened the door for it.
She has a lust for power that
will drive
her to the point where she'll want to
let it go. It'll
cost her her marriage and
her kids.
The husband said, 'I can't
deal with this
anymore.
You're
not stable.
You need to
get some help. You're acting
nuts.'It
will try to set in.
The
Lord said, 'Because
she opened some doors
against me.'And it's 1
Corinthians 5:5.
Shakings. When you
open the door,
the devil will play havoc in
your life.
You play on this side, but you
play on that side, and the devil eats
your lunch.
It's very clear.
The Lord said
she's
not stable.
Paranoia.
You just see the first 10% of it
right now. The Lord said the volume
of it is going to be turned up by
Christmas time.
Repent. The Lord said,
'Repent.'Father,
we pray for protection around
Trump today. No
weapon formed against him will prosper.
He'll finish his job and he'll finish
strong.
He'll have
a legacy to be proud of,
from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf
to Canada. Father, I thank you
for uncovering every plot and every plan
concerning this week. Father, the
soccer matches, the World Cup
finals.
Every plot and plan that is set in
motion across this land, we praise you
for a
covering over this. Every
plot and plan of the wicked is
brought to naught in the name of Jesus.
Satan, you will not touch, kill, steal,
and destroy over this nation.
Father, turn on the faucet. He said it
would be this week.
Tomorrow is a
meeting. We thank you
for the meeting, that they get their
stuff done.
I said this was a very important
week.
Today is
Thursday.
The Lord said decisions will be
made. He had
the decision with Iraq
and now he has crypto.
This
week is a major decision week.
Father, we thank you for Byron.
We thank you, Lord, for
protecting him. We
pray over Miami.
We thank you, Lord,
for all that you've done and all that
you continue to do. We praise you,
Father.
You're so funny, Lord.
When I'm seeing all that, I'm just
like, "What do you want me to do
with all that?"We pray over Byron.
The Lord said, "A battleground
state."The
battleground states: Georgia,
Florida, and
Minnesota.
There's something very strong about
Florida.
Do they have Senate races open right now
for their state, son?
What is it about the battleground state,
Georgia?
Thank you, Lord.
We
thank you, Lord, for opening every door
that needs to be open.
We thank you, Lord, that we
catch up everything that the cankerworm ate.
We thank you, Lord, that you're restoring
time.
President Trump gets it done.
Wells Fargo,
Chase Bank, Bank of America.
Battleground.
Push it through, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
We've waited so long for that.
They're going to wake up and everything
is going to be different.
Push it
through
in the midnight hour.
Sudden change.
I hear Kim's voice.
He said, "Sudden change.
Push,
push.
No more holding back. No more delay.
This is about the end times today.
No more
delay."When
you see this domino fall, push it. I
see
it.
Days of
favor.
No more holding it back today.
Let it go in Jesus'name.
Push it out of the way, Lord. Thank you,
Lord.
Be good stewards
of all that I have
given thee. Be a good steward
for a win for all.
Praise the Lord for what's
about to come.
I grab a hold
of it and I pull it.
Bring it to pass at last. And I thank
you, Lord, for the seeds we sowed in the
past that will come to harvest at last.
Be grateful for that which is coming to
pass.
Be
prepared.
Glory to God. Hallelujah.
We're pushing it forth.
And whenever I'm
steering this thing—this is a lot
bigger than y'all realize. This is huge.
But what I'm
grabbing a hold of tonight, what I saw,
what
I'm seeing tonight,
you'll wake up and this is a
life-changing event.
It will change everything, and
you'll wake up and
go, "Is this real?"It's
something bigger than you can ever
comprehend. That's what the Lord said.
Whenever the children of Israel
left Egypt, they got back all their
wages.
They got the gold, the silver, and the
blessing. And the Lord said, "There are
seeds you've sowed in the past that will
come to harvest at last."This
is called retribution day.
Retribution days are coming. The retribution is
when you get back everything the devil
stole.
You're going
to get restored back what the cankerworm
ate.
Well, praise the Lord.
I know it's late,
but I appreciate every single one
of you being here tonight, and we'll be
back again tomorrow. We'll
keep
hitting this thing. I appreciate you all
praying for me on my day off, and
I appreciate that. I had a lot to do,
and I'm so thankful for the time I had
with the Lord. I want you to be
back with me again tomorrow. I
guess you all like the time because there
are
6,800 of you in the middle of
the night, which is very odd. But in the
middle of the day, I only have 4500 to 5000, and
there are
almost 7,000 people here
now.
It's almost one o'clock.
Very interesting though, son,
because what
I'm seeing right now is Jubilee.
It's the Day of Jubilee.
I hear
a
"Jubilee."I
went to thank Trump and the
Lord got onto me. He said, "You can
thank me.
He should have done this a
long time
ago."The
Lord corrected
me. He said, "You can thank me."The
Day of Jubilee is a reference to the
Year of Jubilee, a biblical concept from
the book of Leviticus observed every
50 years. It was a radical
year of release,
featuring the cancellation of debts,
freeing
indentured servants, and
the returning of ancestral lands.
So, it's a
wealth transfer.
The Day of Jubilee. He said in a moment
you'll wake up and
everything's going to be changed.
I'm
not talking about tomorrow—it could be—but
he's saying that's what's going to
happen. It will be, and you're going to go, "Wow."But
he said, "Be a good steward
over what I've done for
you."Hallelujah.
Well, Father, we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise, and we shout the
victory over that. Father, I'm expecting.
I have an expectation for the
manifestations.
Push the button.
It's time.
Working on the hearts.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
use President Trump and you get it
done. He
should have already had it done. Get it
done. Thank you,
Jesus. Praise the Lord.
It's time. Good days are ahead for the
Body of Christ. The ones that have been listening—if
you're listening to what
he told you to do, you'll lack no good
thing. I truly believe that God is a God
of an abundant supply.
So we'll leave you with that. Be back
with us again tomorrow. That was a
different kind of broadcast, wasn't it?
I pray you were blessed by it.
Thank you
for being here.
Remember, put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you. We love you. God bless
you. Have a wonderful night. Bye-bye.